name rhodes in 86 in the mexico circus wasted the collection that would give the
classification into Brazil in normal time
in the penalty shootout three kicks wasted
two from brazil hulda france and the Brazilian team stayed in the quarterfinals
final 9 france and italy in the cup of 98
in the last collection di biagio lost and the owners of the house advanced to
semifinals
8 in 2006 in Germany once again the French led the best
this time the Portuguese who were left behind in the semifinal
number seven in spain in 82 was germany who passed through the french
corsi wasted
and wrinkles scored the German qualifying goal
in 90 mermaid in the disappointed and took hostess italy of the end
the argentina of maradona and coi can arrive thanked
in fifth
taffarel was a Brazilian hero against the netherlands in 98 taking the penalties of
little
the court of good time
the board
in the final of 74 a charge for each side
highlights for the netherlands
and pride and the morning cheat
the owners of the house were champions with the goal of bobeira number three
the 2006 decision had the ability and courage of the visitor in normal time
in the penalty shootout trezeguet lost and pro surf secured the cup
second
award marked the only goal of the 90 final in the Italian party against the German
Argentina
and the most striking penalty shootout in history was the one that gave theatrical
Brazil on 94
front of the flour egg courtyard isolated in the stadium light come back
the cup of the united states
exa